Open source in China

What you might not know is that Linux powers about 70 percent of the top 10 million websites. Unlike Windows, Linux is an open-source operating system, which does not belong to any company. Linux is maintained by the technical community, which consists of 10,000 developers from more than 1,000 companies. In addition to Linux, many famous software applications are open source, such as Android, Chrome, Hadoop, OpenStack, Docker, MySQL. Open source creates $1.7 trillion of value per year. As the world's second-largest economy, China used to be a heavy user of open source; however, China started to contribute to open source, especially in the areas of machine learning and AI.

	With the help of open-source, IT industry in China has developed rapidly in two decades. Based on open source stack, companies in China have quickly built their systems. For example, Alibaba, which is the world's largest retailer and e-commerce company, built its first edition of website using PHP and MySQL, which are both popular open-source software. Another example is ByteDance, which is the world’s most valuable startup. ByteDance has built its system using a lot of open-source software, such as Kafka, Storm, Hadoop, and Spark. ByteDance launched in 2012, and it has 1.5 billion monthly active users at this moment. Thanks to open source, some companies in China have become world-class in such short time.
	
	The companies in China are not only users of open source projects. To meet their own needs, they have started to improve open-source projects and contributed those modifications back to open source projects. As the world's most widely used cloud computing platform, OpenStack offers eight platinum members based on their contributions, and two of them are Chinese companies: Huawei and Tencent. Kubernetes is a popular open-source container orchestration system. Alibaba has one of the world’s largest Kubernetes cluster. To manage such a huge cluster, Alibaba developed Dragonfly, and has made Dragonfly open source. China has become an indispensable part of the open source world.
	
	As we know, AI (Artificial intelligence) will reinvent the world, so many open source projects in this field are emerging. China has set out an ambitious plan to become a global leader in AI by 2030. Baidu, often called “China’s Google”, has made a breakthrough in applying deep learning neural networks to improve image recognition, and language translation. Baidu has unveiled it on GitHub. China has more than half of world’s top AI companies. As AI industry develops, the open-source community will see more contribution from China.
	
China used to be a free rider of open source, but it has become an important contributor. Technology knows no boundary between countries. China’s development in open source is not a challenge but an opportunity for the world. People will enjoy a better world created by all the developers including the Chinese. In the future, there will be an increasing number of software applications that are partly or wholly ‘made in China’.
